# Angular Internationalization (i18n)

Angular Internationalization (i18n)



# Angular Internationalization (i18n)

  

*Internationalization*, sometimes referenced as i18n, is the process of designing and preparing your project for use in different locales around the world. *Localization* is the process of building versions of your project for different locales. The localization process includes the following actions.

- Extract text for translation into different languages
- Format data for a specific locale

A *locale* identifies a region in which people speak a particular language or language variant. Possible regions include countries and geographical regions. A locale determines the formatting and parsing of the following details.

- Measurement units including date and time, numbers, and currencies
- Translated names including time zones, languages, and countries

For a quick introduction to localization and internationalization watch this video:

[### Add the localize package

Learn how to add the Angular Localize package to your project

Learn more](i18n/add-package)  [### Refer to locales by ID

Learn how to identify and specify a locale identifier for your project

Learn more](i18n/locale-id)  [### Format data based on locale

Learn how to implement localized data pipes and override the locale for your project

Learn more](i18n/format-data-locale)  [### Prepare component for translation

Learn how to specify source text for translation

Learn more](i18n/prepare)  [### Work with translation files

Learn how to review and process translation text

Learn more](i18n/translation-files)  [### Merge translations into the application

Learn how to merge translations and build your translated application

Learn more](i18n/merge)  [### Deploy multiple locales

Learn how to deploy multiple locales for your application

Learn more](i18n/deploy)  [### Import global variants of the locale data

Learn how to import locale data for language variants

Learn more](i18n/import-global-variants)  [### Manage marked text with custom IDs

Learn how to implement custom IDs to help you manage your marked text

Learn more](i18n/manage-marked-text)  [### Internationalization example

Review an example of Angular internationalization.

Learn more](i18n/example)

Super-powered by Google ©2010–2025.  
Code licensed under an MIT-style License. Documentation licensed under CC BY 4.0.  
<https://angular.dev/guide/i18n>
